ticdc: fix overview and 6.5 release notes (#12677)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.5.0.md

* TiCDC performance improves significantly [#7540](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/7540) [#7478](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/7478) [#7532](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/7532) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy) [@3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)

    In a test scenario of the TiDB cluster, the performance of TiCDC has improved significantly. Specifically, in the scenario of replicating data to Kafka, the maximum row changes that a single TiCDC can process reaches 30K rows/s, and the replication latency is reduced to 10s. Even during TiKV and TiCDC rolling upgrade, the replication latency is less than 30s.

>     In a disaster recovery (DR) scenario, if TiCDC redo log and Syncpoint are enabled, the TiCDC throughput of [replicating data to Kafka](/replicate-data-to-kafka.md) can be improved from 4000 rows/s to 35000 rows/s, and the replication latency can be maintained at 2s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In a disaster recovery (DR) scenario, if TiCDC redo log and Syncpoint are enabled, the TiCDC throughput of [replicating data to Kafka](/replicate-data-to-kafka.md) can be improved from 4000 rows/s to 35000 rows/s, and the replication latency can be limited to 2s.
```
